Fix broken links to old woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block repo (#64423)
woocommerce/woocommerce: docs/block-development/extensible-blocks/cart-and-checkout-blocks/checkout-payment-methods/checkout-flow-and-events.md

The helper functions are described below:

> -   `isSuccessResponse`, `isErrorResponse` and `isFailResponse`: These are helper functions that receive a value and report via boolean whether the object is a type of response expected. For event emitters that receive responses from registered observers, a `type` property on the returned object from the observer indicates what type of response it is and event emitters will react according to that type. So for instance if an observer returned `{ type: 'success' }` the emitter could feed that to `isSuccessResponse` and it would return `true`. You can see an example of this being implemented for the [payment processing emitted event here](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/assets/js/data/payment/thunks.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `isSuccessResponse`, `isErrorResponse` and `isFailResponse`: These are helper functions that receive a value and report via boolean whether the object is a type of response expected. For event emitters that receive responses from registered observers, a `type` property on the returned object from the observer indicates what type of response it is and event emitters will react according to that type. So for instance if an observer returned `{ type: 'success' }` the emitter could feed that to `isSuccessResponse` and it would return `true`. You can see an example of this being implemented for the [payment processing emitted event here](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/df02d62e2d41e9007da44cb87fea2b7a9551f55c/plugins/woocommerce/client/blocks/assets/js/types/type-guards/observers.ts#L41-L65).
```

-   `noticeContexts`: This is an object containing properties referencing areas where notices can be targeted in the checkout. The object has the following properties:
    -   `PAYMENTS`: This is a reference to the notice area in the payment methods step.
    -   `EXPRESS_PAYMENTS`: This is a reference to the notice area in the express payment methods step.

> -   `responseTypes`: This is an object containing properties referencing the various response types that can be returned by observers for some event emitters. It makes it easier for autocompleting the types and avoiding typos due to human error. The types are `SUCCESS`, `FAIL`, `ERROR`. The values for these types also correspond to the [payment status types](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/StoreApi/Payments/PaymentResult.php) from the [checkout endpoint response from the server](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/StoreApi/Schemas/V1/CheckoutSchema.php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `responseTypes`: This is an object containing properties referencing the various response types that can be returned by observers for some event emitters. It makes it easier for autocompleting the types and avoiding typos due to human error. The types are `SUCCESS`, `FAIL`, `ERROR`. The values for these types also correspond to the [payment status types](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/2db0cfdaecc7cc60a45790e760e71c26edc4f295/plugins/woocommerce/src/StoreApi/Payments/PaymentResult.php#L13) from the [checkout endpoint response from the server](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/plugins/woocommerce/src/StoreApi/Schemas/V1/CheckoutSchema.php).
```
